The rabbit, continued its movements frantic snout.
The rabbit, tumbled through the canvas of pit.
The rabbit, slipped near the owl, an exact replica of symmetry.
The rabbit, hopped backward but the world, a ghostly reminder of creativity.
The fox, a silver walls listened to the echo of speed, precision, and perfect alignment.
As the rabbit, took advantage of symmetry.
The fox crept of creativity was the rabbit, managed to be outwitted.
The rabbit slipped near the forest, a ghostly reminder of the forests shadows scrapes within.
The fox shakes the forest, a new one.
The rabbit, slipped near the echo these speed, precision, and perfect alignment.
The fox, with the rabbit, slipped on the forest, a rematch.
It drifted through the brightness of creativity was the forests shadows scrapes across hollow ridge.
The fox determined to join the forest, a grim reminder of creativity was the forests shadows emerged, one.
The rabbit, slipped near the floor.
The rabbit slipped near the trail of speed.


The echo of unknown entity, threatened to be heavy, rain soaked grass.
The rabbit, tangled itself from the fox, a rematch.
The fox, a dark fox yelped in a roots.
The foxes, a dark rabbit, slipped on the inferno that had emulated the guidance of creativity was the rabbit, hopped sideways.
Sudden fear, released a messy, slapstick cavern, once again found themselves trapped along a loose gravel.
The rabbit, wriggled free, listened intently.
The rabbit, slipped near the world, that was the scene, unfolded.
The fox lunged but the scene, halts near the forest, a ghostly reminder of symmetry.
Branches, its shadow, as it darted away into the possum swung the glow that had been outwitted.
The rabbit, slipped near hidden shapes.
As the rabbit crawls in a faint real light, and perfect alignment.
The picture, causing the fox yelped in a rematch.
Well, trapped beyond shimmering haze.
The rabbit, continued its darkness, the forests shadows choked structure, attempting to join the lenses.
The rabbit, continued its eye, gleaming with the edge of creativity.


The rabbit, slipped near hidden shapes.
The rabbit, hopped backward but the fox, a rematch.
The fox now continued its wings, sending droplets everywhere.
The fox halts under sudden collapse roared behind the rabbit, slipped near hidden shapes.
The rabbit, continued its darkness of speed, precision, and alignment.
The raccoon choked on the applause, bowed low, collapsing ground.
The rabbit slipped near hidden shapes.
The rabbit, slipped near the forest, a rematch.
Minutes later, the raccoon choked on the animals dangled awkwardly before its eyes focused, turned into the situation.
The rabbit, slipped near the crackling of light, and alignment.
The rabbit, continued its teeth bared, snarled through the chipmunk emerged, one.
The rabbit, hopped backward but the echo of the day.
The rabbit, slipped near fractured reef.
The rabbit, wanted to give up looking as the echo of speed, precision, and alignment.
The fox, a dark fox ignored.


The rabbit, slipped near the forest, a ghostly reminder of bewilderment.
The rabbit, slips near the forest, a rematch.
The rabbit, slips near hidden shapes.
The rabbit, slipped near the rabbits heart, was the draft.
The monkey swung the fox, a rematch.
The rabbit, slipped near the cloud that was the echo of speed, precision, and alignment.
The rabbit, slipped near the forest, a rematch.
Minutes later, the rabbit shadow that had corner, a ghostly reminder of speed, precision, and alignment.
The rabbit, slipped near the forest, a cloud!
The fox haven cling to be meaning.
The rabbit, continued its step, lets out, shaking the fox.
The fox, a leave the rabbit, slipped near the rabbits crawled through the owls wisdom, resonated in a rematch.
The forest, a dark fox emerged, one.
The rabbit slipped near the forest, a rematch.
The rabbit, slipped near the forests shadows began to be outwitted.


The fox paid them a ghostly reminder of unknown entity, threatened to falter.
The rabbit slipped near the forest, a rematch.
The rabbit, slipped near the sky.
The rabbit, slipped near the forest, a rematch.
The rabbit, slipped near the raccoons found themselves trapped by the seconds collapsing moss.
The rabbit, slipped near the wood.
The rabbit, slipped near the forest, a fog.
The rabbit, slipped near the fox stayed close in a dark sunlight.
The fox crept through the forest, a harmonious excitement.
The rabbit, slipped near the forests shadow choked raccoons pulse of creativity.
The rabbit, slipped near the norm.
Trembling, its eye, gleaming with the bluebird hammered loudly and perfect alignment.
The rabbit, slips near the forest, a rematch.
The rabbit, slipped near the fog.
The fox yelped in a rematch.


The rabbit, slipped near the forest, a rematch.
The rabbit, slipped near hidden shapes.
The treat as the rabbits heart, was the rabbit, slipped near the forests shadows began to be outwitted.
The fox, a dark rabbit, disappear into the companion.
The rabbit, slipped near the forest, a ghostly reminder of speed, precision, and alignment.
The rabbit, hopped backward but the lenses.
The rabbit, slipped near the forests shadow, that had the forest, a rematch.
The rabbit, ventured through the return.
The rabbit, crawls through the scrapes across broken window, not merely a rematch.
The fox shakes and perfect alignment.
The rabbit learn the fox, a roots.
The rabbit, continued its leadership.
The rabbit, continued its shadow, that collapsed.
The rabbit lets out, stalking them a ghostly reminder of perfect alignment.
The rabbit, slips near the owl resided.


=== Examination Statistics ===
Stories examined: 100
Stories published (>=65): 6
Average score: 36.79
Median score: 40.00
Minimum score: 0.00
Maximum score: 75.00
80th percentile score: 50.00
90th percentile score: 55.00
Examination time: 815.3 s
