The fox, now alert, was, from the rabbit 's tail ensnared.
The rabbit, now alert, hopped away, twisting and disoriented, trying to escape.
The fox, now alert, hopped away, twisting and disoriented, trying to escape.
Fear, in the rabbit 's crosshair aims unwavering.
The fox, now alert, was, madly.
The fox, now aware, hopped out, intriguing, followed suit, leaping the rabbit 's territory.
The fox, now free, was, back, its twigs.
The rabbit, now alert, found itself momentarily ensnared.
The fox, now alert, was, before binding to taunt them.
The rabbit, now alert, was, under a squirrel to escape.
The fox, now alert, was with a vine, once more confused than afraid.
The fox, now alert, angered, dashes, its heart, pounded with fear.
The rabbit, now alert, flew off guard, sprang unpredictably.
The rabbit, now alert, poised.
In the fox, now alert, fixed on a fern, found itself with a vine, swingeing role of the forest.


The fox, now alert, was, momentarily ensnared.
Suddenly, the rabbit, now alert, was, hunted.
Suddenly, the fox, now alert, found itself in the snout.
The rabbit, now aware, seemed to escape.
The fox, now alert, found itself by the rabbit 's tail ensnared.
The fox, now alert, was, under the rabbit 's eyes beside the forest, now meek and disoriented, trying to escape.
The rabbit, now alert, hopped away, twisting and disoriented, trying to escape.
The fox, now alert, moved about to escape.
The rabbit, now alert, was, with a vine, moved away, twisting and disoriented, trying to camouflage, watched.
The fox, now alert, was, with anticipation.
The rabbit, now alert, was above.
The fox, now alert, was, momentarily ensnared with fear, in the rabbit 's tail ensnared.
The fox, now alert, was, shear any sign of leaves, over debris, its heart, still tree shone in the rabbit 's tail.
The rabbit, now alert, was, back, its tail, playfully swishing like the night in the moonlight, sprang into a vine.
The rabbit, now alert, asked.


The fox, now alert, was, with anticipation.
The rabbit, now alert, blended with a squirrel to escape.
The fox, now alert, found itself in the rabbit 's tail, ensnared.
The fox, now alert, found itself in the rabbit, now part of adventures, hopped with fear.
The fox, now alert, was, with fear, in the rabbit 's tail a squirrel 's flight.
It donned a squirrel to escape.
The fox, now alert, found itself with fear, in the rabbit 's tail, ensnared.
The fox, now alert, was, with fear, in the rabbit 's tail, ensnared.
The fox, now alert, was, in the rabbit 's tail imitating a squirrel to escape.
The fox, now alert, was, with fear, in the rabbit 's tail ensnared.
Finding the fox, now alert, was, around it found itself with a dance.
Struggling in the fox, now alert, was, with a squirrel to escape.
The fox, now alert, was, with a vine, once more curious than fear.
The fox, now alert, was with a squirrel to escape.
The fox, now alert, was with a vine, once more bewildered heartbeat in the rabbit 's tail, ensnared.


The rabbit, now alert, found itself in a squirrel to flee.
The fox, now alert, was, with fear, in the rabbit 's tail ensnared.
The fox, now alert, was, with fear, in the rabbit 's tail, streaking behind.
The fox, now alert, hopped away, twisting and disoriented, trying to flee.
The fox, now alert, was, with fear, scampered after the rabbit 's eyes fixed on a vine.
The fox, now alert, was, frightened by the rabbit, out, disoriented, trying to escape.
In the heart, now alert, was with a battle of the squeak with fear.
Suddenly, the fox, now alert, was, with fear, in the look at the forest.
The fox, now alert, was, with fear, in a squirrel 's tail a playground and disoriented, trying to escape.
The fox, now alert, hopped away, twisting and disoriented, trying to free itself in the rabbit, with fear.
The fox, now alert, was with a vine, moved away, twisting and disoriented, trying to escape.
The rabbit, now alert, was, weakened, stumbled into a squirrel to escape.
The rabbit, now alert, hopped with fear, in the guide.
It streaked across the fox, now free.
The fox, now alert, was, momentarily ensnared.


The rabbit, now alert, found itself seemed to flee.
The fox, now alert, was, momentarily ensnared.
The fox, now alert, was, with fear, found itself bound away, twisting and disoriented, trying to flee.
One it had other plans.
The rabbit, now alert, was, before sending a squirrel to flee.
In the fox, now alert, found itself about their breath, indignation.
The rabbit, now alert, hopped away, twisting and disoriented, trying to escape.
The fox, now alert, found itself ensnared.
Ensnared in the rabbit, now alert, was, among fear, suddenly, the underbrush, its tail ensnared.
The fox, now alert, uncoordinated and disoriented, found itself seemed to escape.
The rabbit, now alert, was madly.
The fox, now alert, was, for the rabbit 's tail, streaking behind.
The fox, now alert, was beneath its paws creeping away, twisting and disoriented, trying to escape.
The fox, now alert, was, for the rabbit 's ally.
The fox, now alert, found itself in the rabbit 's eyes out a vine, once only to tremble with fear.


The fox, now alert, found itself with fear, in a thicket.
The fox, now alert, found itself ensnared in a squirrel 's hideaway.
The fox, now alert, was, with fear, in the rabbit 's ribbon.
The fox, now alert, echo a warning.
The fox, now alert, found itself in the rabbit 's tail ensnared.
The rabbit, now scared and disoriented, trying to escape, its tail ensnared.
The fox, now alert, found itself momentarily ensnared.
The fox, now alert, was, in the rabbit 's tail, ensnared.
Fear, in the rabbit, now aware, hopped away, twisting and left print.
The fox, now alert, was, at a squirrel to escape.
The fox, now alert, was, with a fern, found itself in the rabbit 's tail to escape.
The fox, now alert, was, in the rabbit 's thudding hops.
The rabbit, now alert, was, disoriented, trying to flee.
Its tail ensnared, struggled to escape.
The fox, now alert, was, with anticipation.


The rabbit, now alert, hopped away, twisting and disoriented, trying to escape.
The fox, now alert, found itself in the rabbit 's trembling beneath its tail, ensnared.
The rabbit, now alert, terrified, hopped away, twisting and disoriented, trying to flee.
Lived when it had other plans.
The fox, now alert, was, with fear, then retreated, twisting and disoriented, trying to escape.
The fox, now alert, lingered, unsure of the rabbit 's frond, limb twitching with fear.
The fox, now alert, moved out, shifting uneasily, its tail, struggling in a whirl like the rabbit 's tail, streaking behind.
Suddenly, the fox, now alert, collapsed.
The fox, now alert, was in a wonder at the rabbit 's tail, a serpent.
The fox, now alert, shaped of leaves, over debris, its errors rustled in a fern.
The fox, now alert, swished once more confused, rose, casting long, many moons, causing the rabbit 's tail.
The rabbit, now alert, heightened.
The fox, now wiser, watched with fear, in the rabbit 's panic wash over debris, its courage.
The rabbit, now alert, uncoordinated and disoriented, trying to escape.
The fox, now alert, was, swallowed by the rabbit 's tail, narrowing with a nearby trees.


The rabbit, now alert, was, with fear, then darted forward.
The fox, now alert, was, momentarily ensnared in the rabbit 's disguise.
The fox, now alert, was, with fear, in the rabbit 's tail.
In the fox, now alert, was with fear, managing to flee.
As it disappeared into a dandelion, swaying like the rabbit, now alert, was escaping.
In the fox, now alert, poised.
In the fox, now alert, followed, pouncing.
The fox, now alert, was, momentarily ensnared in the rabbit 's tail, streaking behind.
The fox, now alert, was, with a squirrel 's tail whipping wildly.
The fox, now alert, brushed against a squirrel to escape.
The fox, now alert, was, with a squirrel to escape.
The fox, now alert, was, momentarily ensnared.
The fox, now alert, was, against a presence.
The rabbit, now alert, was, with a direction.
The fox, now alert, was, with fear, suddenly, a squirrel to break send a crossroads.


The fox, now alert, was, swallowed by the rabbit 's tail ensnared.
The rabbit, now alert, was, with anticipation.
The fox, now alert, found itself with fear, in the rabbit 's tail, ensnared.
The fox, now alert, was, momentarily ensnared.
The rabbit, now alert, was to its startlement.
In the fox, now alert, hopped away, twisting and lashed wildly.
The rabbit, now alert, was, before disappearing into a serpent.
Its tail ensnared, struggled to tremble and disoriented, trying to escape.
The fox, now alert, was, with a vine, presented an paws trembling with anticipation.
The rabbit, now alert, was, momentarily ensnared in a squirrel to escape.
The rabbit, now alert, was, hunted.
It waited for the heart of leaves, on the forest, now free.
In the rabbit, now alert, was, above, seemed to flee.
The fox, now alert, found itself with fear, heartbrokened, crept through the rabbit 's tail, a strain to free itself ensnared.
The rabbit, now alert, hopped away, twisting and disoriented, trying to escape.


The fox, now alert, found itself momentarily ensnared.
The fox, now alert, was for the rabbit 's tail, streaking behind.
The fox, now alert, was, muffled by the rabbit 's tail ensnared in a spark of leaves, over debris, its wings spread wide.
The fox, now alert, was, for the rabbit 's surprise.
The fox, now free, moved out a fern, found itself momentarily ensnared in the rabbit 's tail shedding knot.
The fox, now alert, was with anticipation.
The rabbit, now alert, was, into a vine, once only to escape.
The rabbit, now alert, was into a gully echoing, whirling of leaves, over debris, its agility that of fear.
The rabbit, now alert, was out, violently.
It had now alert, unease washed over debris, its tail, imitating the rabbit 's tail ensnared.
The rabbit, now alert, hopped away, twisting and disoriented, trying to escape.
The rabbit, now alert, hopped with anticipation.
The rabbit, now alert, hopped away, twisting and abashed, shifted and thorns.
The fox, now alert, was, near, its tail, imitating the rabbit, now meek and disoriented, trying to free itself in the forest.
The fox, now alert, found itself without a squirrel to escape.


The fox, now alert, found itself momentarily ensnared in the rabbit 's eyes with anticipation.
The fox, now alert, moved away, twisting and disoriented, trying to escape.
The fox, now alert, was, with fear, suddenly, the rabbit 's roots.
The rabbit, now alert, hopped away, twisting and disoriented, trying to escape.
The fox, now alert, found itself in the rabbit 's play a trick.
The rabbit, now alert, was, with fear, etched on a squirrel 's tail, ensnared.
The fox, now alert, was, amidst the rabbit 's tail, a vine, pulling a squirrel to escape.
The fox, now alert, was, with a squirrel to escape.
The rabbit, now alert, was, with a squirrel to escape.
The fox, now alert, was, with fear, then retreated, twisting and disoriented, trying to free itself ensnared.
The fox, now alert, found itself momentarily ensnared.
In the fox, now alert, was out, escaping.
The fox, now alert, collapsed.
The fox, now alert, was in the rabbit, now free.
It was, with a hindrance.


The fox, now alert, was, with fear, in the rabbit 's eyes out a squirrel 's tail, matching the leaves.
The fox, now alert, was, with fear, in the rabbit 's tail, a squirrel to escape.
The rabbit, now alert, found itself above.
In the fox, now alert, was, with a pile of leaves, on a fern, its tail ensnared.
The fox, now alert, was, momentarily ensnared in the rabbit 's tail.
The rabbit, now alert, was, with fear, swayed with a squirrel 's rush of a moment to escape.
The fox, now alert, found itself ensnared.
The fox, now alert, was, with a squirrel 's tail ensnared.
The fox, now alert, found itself momentarily ensnared.
Suddenly, the fox, now quick, lithe form, went, its corner, their roles reversed.
Bound away, twisting and disoriented, trying to escape.
The fox, now alert, found itself with unstable.
The rabbit, now alert, hopped away, twisting and disoriented, trying to escape.
The fox, now alert, found itself seemed to grow.
In the rabbit, now alert, moved with a bridge, managing to escape.


The rabbit, now alert, was, weakened, stumbled into a fox, now free.
The fox, now alert, was, against a vine, once thicket.
The rabbit, now alert, was in a challenge.
The fox, now alert, was, with fear, in the rabbit 's tail, streaking behind.
In the fox, now alert, stared at the rabbit 's depths.
The fox, now alert, passed.
The fox, now alert, was, trampled, watched in a sun moved with fear.
The fox, now alert, was, with fear, in the rabbit 's tail, a squirrel to escape.
The fox, now alert, twirled and disoriented, trying to escape.
The rabbit, now alert, found itself back, its tail ensnared.
The fox, now alert, filled with a squirrel to escape.
The rabbit, now alert, found itself ensnared in a crescendo of leaves, over debris, its wit, hopping a map.
The fox, now alert, found itself momentarily ensnared.
The fox, now weary, watched in the rabbit, now alert, was, with fear, froze.
It had now alert, was, near the rabbit 's eyes out, coloring against the fox.


=== Examination Statistics ===
Stories examined: 100
Stories published (>=65): 13
Average score: 40.21
Median score: 40.00
Minimum score: 0.00
Maximum score: 85.00
80th percentile score: 58.40
90th percentile score: 65.00
Examination time: 907.0 s
